Update of Configure user section in Debian installation procedure (#6486)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/debian.md

   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

> 1. Add a new internal user and replace the hash with the output provided by `hash.sh` in a previous step. The file should look similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new internal user and replace the hash inside `internal_users.yml` with the output provided by `hash.sh` in step 2. The file should look similar to the following example:
```
